Create ui-c8y-1022-11-1-mtm-64172-unified-approach-to-non-est-and-est-registrations-in.md (#3598)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1022-11-1-mtm-64172-unified-approach-to-non-est-and-est-registrations-in.md

---
date: ""

> title: Unified approach to non-EST and EST device registrations fixes issue with assigning devices to groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Devices now properly assigned to groups on EST protocol registrations
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y

> ticket: MTM-63966

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen, this entry involves 2 MTM tickets:

- MTM-64172 - this is a support ticket about broken group assignment
- MTM-63966 - this is an internal ticket about simplifying the approach, it was created in parallel and independently from the support ticket, but it ended up fixing that issue as well

Which one should be listed here?

Reviewer: I would use the support ticket then.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ticket: MTM-64172
```

> ticket: MTM-63966

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ticket: MTM-64172
```
